Mom and Mom are gone
Do you want to send someone to look for it?
You don't have to let the net pool out all the time
A dumb divorce sign with my mother is worth it
That mute is divorced
He still has 1060% of the shares in his hands
Did you really let him take it away?
Don't worry, you have to lower your adopted daughter
Our family's property
He can't take away the divorce
Hey, who?
When are we going to get our divorce certificate?
You take the medicine first
When to get a divorce certificate?
Is that why you don't want to be around me?
You promised me.
I promise you.
Get your divorce certificate when you're healed
Are you feeling better now?
You said I don't want it anymore.
OK
You want to humiliate yourself
Whatever you want.
Lu Jinchi
So far
What else do you want me to say, do it or not?